# project-3
 
The demographic that I had in mind when creating my quiz was mostly artists, since I know the issue of hyper-focusing on a specific piece of artwork and forgetting to stand up, drink water, and sleep. I thought it would be relevant to create a self-care reminder quiz to provide a break for any artists that would use it and be reminded to take care of themselves while they were drawing. It asks a lot of questions that I thought would be helpful if someone asked them to me, and it would help me get up and away from my art for a few minutes instead of sitting there being frustrated.

From a technical standpoint, I made the interface simple and friendly, with relaxing colors and basic rounded shapes/patterns. I also used some tutorials from people making quiz app interfaces, and learned some of the css from them. Besides the general layout, I also created some simple cat stickers that added some distinction between each page and changed according to the question asked.

Some technical challenges I faced were definitely how to create a system that would create a text element and next button element only when the user clicked on one of the two radio options per question, and to change the text depending on the option clicked. I also had an idea that I wanted some pages to have multiple questions, and the second one would only appear after the first one would be answered. It was a lot harder than I thought it would be, and I also missed some lessons on it so I was a little behind, but I really wanted to go with my original vision and perserved through debugging and problem solving until I found a workaround. I would like to add more stylistic elements if I had more time to work on it, and I think making the quiz longer and more responsive would also be a good goal.
          